hey you guys um this is your girl
Yolanda Monique or polka one 1184 and I
am just give you a quick update on my
natural hair journey um yesterday I went
and got my I think I'm saying the right
senegalese twist um yes they are amazing
i love them so much I'm gonna zoom in
and let you guys see him basically they
are just um very small kinky twist but I
think it's a different type of hair it's
not the kinky twist here but yeah I love
them it took me I have really really
thick hair like crazy big and even
though I'm since I'm natural now it's
even crazier when I was still getting
relaxed my hair would still be thick
like people probably think I was natural
when I was relaxed when I wasn't but it
she has millions of little bruising here
it took us 13 hours to do my hair so um
it was 13 hours of me sitting still and
I promise I didn't really even get up
any other time and she was continuous
with them the braids are very neat as
you can see we ran a hair like normally
um I think people use bypass air I think
I had six or seven cuz i have so much
hair is short and she actually she did
an amazing job you guys because a
miner's like this this long in the back
it's that long in the back so she got it
and it doesn't it hurts it I mean it
doesn't hurt is tight I can tell is
tight so I know it's gonna last but it
doesn't hurt it's not a lot of tension
on my edges um I have to care naturally
so detention on the edges wasn't a real
big factor of mine anyway my hair strong
I have Jamaican and Native American hair
and this hair
not going anywhere yeah so um I love
them if anybody in Chicago wants any
braids done the person who did this was
um charity and she goes by braced by
charity she's also here on facebook
under braids like charity and or you can
google or I think I think she's gonna
braise by charity too um I don't know
her exact pricing for everything you
have to hit her up extra about that but
she does an amazing job you guys it's
beautiful and I plan to keep this in my
hair hopefully cross my fingers
hopefully for three months the reason
why I say hopefully and i lost my
fingers is because when i get so ends my
stones only last a month and i already
have like a ninja new growth i always
tell people a party you guys privacy and
status i always say my hair is on
correct it grows really really fast so
you guys will be with me what on a
journey of my twist to see how long they
last and the different styles that i'm
going to be putting this in because i
already have in mind like tons of styles
um this is also my first time wearing
any type of braids twist anything in my
hair like this I've never had this on
before the box braids for that this is
my first time ever so I'm very surprised
how well adjusted I got to it I'm my
baby my boyfriend calls me Janet Jackson
off poetic justice she's crazy um but
yeah these are amazing I have burgundy
at the front in case you guys was
wondering and this is I love it I love
the work Annie but it was accident I ran
out of hair i had only bought six packs
here so i share my news apex yeah i've
only bought eight our youth apex of hair
on my whole head but i only i only
bought six she happens to have a
burgundy to burgundy packs and she said
on my hair so i love it I'm loved a
little splash of color I think it's
really cute hot trendy and etc but yeah
I'm I don't want to talk too long run
here anybody have any questions about
this
and want to see how I'm going to be
styling this I'm guys stay tuned I'm
going to have tutorials and videos and
things about that also one of my next
video is going to be a tutorial on how
to use my bare minerals I actually I
have a little bit on it's not too much I
it's actually like nine o'clock at night
I think I've had just make a born since
six o'clock if any I don't I'm not a
person who really wears makeup like that
I don't have any mascara eyeliner on I
just use the bare minerals just to have
some coverage on my face I have lip
gloss on right now earrings I just got
my nails done this is Jail it's not nail
polish so it never fades ships anything
is the Boogie Nights that always give
but this is not the sparkly clan I want
to be a little more sophisticated with
this um but yeah so I must go eat so I
was talk to you guys later I hope you
guys have an amazing night or day
whenever you look at this and I will be
back on soon with my bare minerals
tutorial and a tutorial on how i style
my hair there you go also on my facebook
page and i think i might do a fan page
now since I'm allen Smith natural hair
thing um if you want a Monique Patterson
Yolanda Monique whatever um charity tag
into some pictures for the braids so if
you guys love to see up close and
personal pictures of the braids go ahead
and click on my tagged fish pics pics
pics I'm tired but yeah love you guys
peace see you soon